README.md, before:

# C# Projects

These are some small projects I made in C# and .NET Framework/Core. Through my studies I become
familiar to proficient in Databases via SQL and Enitity and the creation of MVC applications.
This repository has literally every assignment and challenge I have done during the C# course.

## Projects:

* [Car Insurance](https://github.com/bbtk421/c--course-work/tree/master/basic_c%23/CarInsurance)
* [Live Project Placeholder]()

## Car Insurance

```html
This project is an MVC web Application that mimics a car insurance website. It takes the user's input 
on policy information and generates a quote based on business logic. There is also an admin page that 
allows staff to view all quotes that have been issued.
```

## Live Project Placeholder

```html
Lorem, ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Obcaecati natus, iste accusamus nihil libero 
quam ipsa atque vitae facilis perferendis consectetur sapiente ullam dolore odit temporibus, modi facere
harum? Vitae pariatur unde veniam itaque minima recusandae a earum temporibus nihil.
```

Commit message:

C# README update push
added live projext and snake game

README.md, after:

# C# Projects

These are some small projects I made in C# and .NET Framework/Core. Through my studies I become
familiar to proficient in Databases via SQL and Enitity and the creation of MVC applications.

## Projects:

* [Local Theatre Website Live Project](https://github.com/bbtk421/liveprojects/tree/main/csharpliveproject)
* [Car Insurance](https://github.com/bbtk421/c--course-work/tree/master/basic_c%23/CarInsurance)
* [Snake Game](https://github.com/bbtk421/non-school-projects/tree/master/csharp/SnekGame)

## Snek Game

```html
This is a Snake clone with a Windows Form Application base UI. Please check the project link above
for the README.md for the game with code snippets.
```

## Local Theatre Website Live Project

```html
This was a two week sprint adding functionality to a simple website for a local theater. My work was 
mostly relating to the calendar section but I also created the responsive nav menu. Please click the 
project link for its code summary.
```

## Car Insurance

```html
This project is an MVC web Application that mimics a car insurance website. It takes the user's input 
on policy information and generates a quote based on business logic. There is also an admin page that 
allows staff to view all quotes that have been issued.
```
